Home

Home
Transaction Advisory
Monitoring & Evaluation
Capacity Development
Team
Contact Us

Yatrib Advisory Inc. is a team of globally experienced former bankers, financial market experts, lawyers, infrastructure & PPP specialists. Yatrib Advisory was formed in 2015 as a niche, management owned consulting house, with a vision to extend fully integrated services to infrastructure projects in the developing countries and emerging economies.

Yatrib Advisory team members have years of experiences in structuring, executing and monitoring infrastructure finance transactions, who have come together to help originate and execute infrastructure PPP projects globally. With offices in Toronto and Washington and affiliate relations in Dubai, New Delhi, Johannesburg, Istanbul and Bangkok, Yatrib Advisory offers independent advice across various infrastructure asset-classes. 

The company has a dedicated team of professionals and a high power advisory board which covers all aspects of comprehensive advisory unit, including deep corporate relationships, sectoral expertise and capabilities in deal origination and execution. The scope of work ranges from conceptualization and development of business plans to project financing, private equity and corporate finance transactions.
fund advisory, investment banking, transaction advisory, investment research, islamic finance, ppps, monitoring amp evaluation, due diligence, infrastructure procurement, economic assessment, financial structuring, capital raising, monitoring evaluation, financial modelling, feasibility study, credit analysis, management consulting, capital markets, finance


Transaction Advisory
Yatrib Advisory offers transaction advisory services, including, debt and equity raising, facility structuring, financial modeling, credit negotiation and deal closing.

The team provides complete capital raising services to the clients, including preparation of all necessary documents, such as Project Information Memorandum (PIM), teaser, slide deck, risk assessments, financial model, etc. 

Our presence in focus industries is driven by our internal skills and existing external affiliates. We are active in the following areas:
Power and renewable energy
Oil, gas and petrochemicals
Fossil fuels, mining and logistics
Urban infrastructure, water and sanitation
Hospitality and healthcare
Financial services

Monitoring & Evaluation
Evaluation matters for program design and policy choice as it tells implementers, policy makers and donors about what works and what doesn’t work in a particular context. While there has been growing emphasis on impact evaluation across the world, organizations often face challenges in putting solid evaluation frameworks that link micro and macro picture in a country.  Many evaluations are done simply as they are laid out in the project design or triggered by donor’s request. We need evaluations that are implementable and draw on lessons and offer replicability of good outcomes. ​
​
We aim to provide effective but analytically rigorous solutions in the wide array of evaluation – baseline to end-line, and project to program. We offer evaluation solutions for project both at ex-ante and ex-post level. Our experts are capable of designing and implementing evaluation of various types –experimental, quasi-experimental, and before-after.  Evaluators have proven experiences in conducting evaluations in a range of areas – social development, private sector development, trade policy, infrastructure investment and P3.

Our in-house analysts make best use of large scale high frequency household and individual level data with statistical computing software such as R, Stata and database platform like SQL. Our commitment is to offer the best in evaluation design and implementation. 

Capacity Development
Yatrib Advisory provides capacity development services for both public and private sector entities, through a host of tools, including workshops, training and round-tables.

Our trainings are tailor-made. Before delivering any training or workshop, we engage into extensive discussion with the client to understand the gaps and design training modules accordingly, supported by case studies and real-life transactions.

Yatrib Advisory conducts both primary and secondary research on the quantitative and qualitative parameters in the broader field of infrastructure and PPPs, and our capacity development programs largely benefit from this internal research.

Team
David Bloomgarden
David Bloomgarden has over 30 years of global experience in policy, management and technical assistance for emerging market countries. As focal point for the PPP early stage advisory in the Inter-American Development Bank (IaDB), he leveraged over $2 billion dollars for investment in PPPs for infrastructure through a program that advised Latin American and Caribbean governments on PPP legislation, established PPP units and trained over 4,000 public sector officials.  
 
David created the Infrascope Index of PPP capacity with the Economist Intelligence Unit.  This publication has been scaled by other development banks on a global level.  In addition, he created the IaDB's PPP Americas network which hosts the largest PPP conference in Latin America.  

Contact